hi so fabien world for a whole
new glitch video so this is a
exclusive on call of duty modern
warfare 3 so yes it's old yes that
date yes it's useless considering you the rope
it's a bit nil to shit and that I
totally understand but you do not have to
forget that it's still a hippie glitch
that even a tiny glitch can come
help to find a much bigger one
breasts think for example at the exit of
cards on cargo ship with naive lenge and
if you have not seen many said
that the glitch of levitation in
below maps it was useless and
well here is this glitch combined with another
glitch could help get out of a
card we serve it very closely game
you will not get out of a map
finally I say that maybe one day there
put in any case that's a little
pretty nice bleach and realized in
private only with the composition of the
god mode
so yes that date is why I say to myself
you have to have the god mode or
a friend who is the god mode or access to a
safe of a friend
or someone who knew who is
the god mode so you can sting him
the composition until unfortunately
I can no longer pass you and I
am really full of all psn's
everything everywhere so it's certain that I
tell you this account
finally to have this god mode no
so I tell you the word gone from any
way he has enough circulate of mw3
so that a lot of people are actually
what you do you commit suicide
so two logically in a map
all you can jump in the
empty or with a pomegranate
fragmentation simply you you
commit suicide and as soon as you die you
leave and keep letting me
held by whose button r 1 so on
xbox and the button to shoot an I do not
do not know at all which one I am
sorry so leave you the button for
hold fired when you reappear
what and when will you shoot
you would not back down any damage
of hindsight so here is so it's just a
little glitch fun enough and just for
you introduce him so here is now
you know if you want
do a little prank to your friends in
private party is the moment
so here are the years anyway
I really hope this little video
fast and a little comment to larache but
I do not excuse you will have pleased me and I you
found again very soon for
next videos
alexis to everyone